---
title:  Generating a regulatory report
date: 01-04-2025
description: Generating a regulatory report
id: CB-220
lang: en
---
# Generating a regulatory report

Regulatory reports are generated by exporting relevant reporting entries. These entries contain prefilled data based on transactions that meet specific criteria, such as payments that exceed the **Reporting Amount** to vendors or customers in foreign countries. The reporting process ensures compliance with local regulations. In some regions, additional steps may be necessary.

## To view the reporting entries

You can review reporting entries to verify the details of transactions that meet regulatory reporting criteria. This helps ensure accuracy before generating a report.

To view reporting entries:

1. Search ({{search}}) for and select **Reporting Entries**. 
2. If a reporting entry is available, you can view more details by selecting **Show Source** on the action bar to open the related ledger entry. This is helpful when, for example, the Regulatory Report Code is missing from the Reporting Entry line. The following fields are available, and some may be prefilled based on information from the vendor or customer card and your reporting settings:
   * **Reporting Type** - specifies the regulatory reporting type. For example, **Z4** refers to the Zahlungen im Außenwirtschaftsverkehr (AWV) financial report that German companies must submit to the Deutsche Bundesbank as part of their external sector statistics. 
   * **Account Type** - specifies whether the payment is related to a vendor or customer account. 
   * **Creation Date** - specifies the date when the entry was created.
   * **Account Number** - indicates the account number associated with the transaction.
   * **Regulatory Reporting Code** - defines the regulatory reporting code for the entry, as specified on the associated vendor or customer ledger entry card. The code can be modified during processing if needed.
   * **ISIN** - relevant only for capital trade. This number must be entered manually. 
   * **Amount** - indicates the payment amount. For example, if you set this up for Germany, an amount exceeding €12,500 may trigger a reporting entry.
   * **Country Code** - represents the country code of the recipient of the payment.
   * **Reported** - if the report has been exported, this checkbox is selected.
   * **Reported On** - displays the date when the report was exported.
   * **Reversed** - if this checkbox is selected, the entry has been reversed.
   * **Reversed On** - displays the date when the reversal was processed.

## To create a regulatory report

Generate a reporting file by exporting relevant entries. In some localizations, you may need to specify a reporting date based on regulatory requirements.

To create a reporting file:

1. On the **Reporting Entries** page, on the action bar, select **Export File**. In German localizations, you may be asked whether you want to create a report for a specific date. This is because German companies are usually required to submit this report on a monthly basis, depending on the volume of transactions. 
2. Select **Ok** to create the report. By default, the **Reporting Entries** page only displays the open entries, and the entries you exported will disappear from list. To display them again, on the action bar, select **Show All Entries**.


## To reverse a reporting entry

You can reverse a reporting entry if an error was made. When an entry is reversed, all changes are tracked, allowing you to see who performed the reversal and when it occurred. By reviewing the field details, you can also understand the reasons behind the reversal.

Once an entry is reversed, it remains in that state, even if it is reported again.

To reverse a reporting entry:

* On the **Reporting Entries** page, on the action bar, select **Reverse Entries**. The **Reversed** and **Reversed On** fields will be updated with relevant information.



